src/dashboard/reaction-panels.md, before:

# Panels
***
## Basic Video Walkthrough
<video src="../vid/ReactionPanels.mp4" controls poster="../img/video_thumbnails/Thumbnail_Reaction_Panels.webp"></video>

# Creating A Panel
In order to create a ticket panel, head over to the web dashboard and select your server. If unfamiliar with how to do that, read our [guide on the web dashboard here](../setup/dashboard.md).

Once on your server's main settings page, select `Ticket Panels` in the navigation bar to be taken to the ticket panel configuration page which looks as follows:

![Ticket panel page](../img/panels_navbar.webp)

Focus on the _left_ side of the screen. The right side are settings for combining different panels into a single message.

Draw your attention to the `New Panel` card. Configure the panel's appearance here:

![Panel card](../img/panel_card.webp)


## Ticket Properties
***


### Mention On Open
Specify a list of roles/users to mention after the ticket is opened.

> **Note:** This will not work for those who have their notification settings on mute.

### Support Teams
Input which `Staff Teams` will handle tickets created from this reaction panel.

### Ticket Category
Designates the channel category that the ticket channel will be created under. If unsure of what a channel category is, Discord has a guide explaining them available [here](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001580171-Channel-Categories-101).

Ticket panels use different channel categories to the one configured on the main settings tab to allow for distinction when using multiple reaction panels - meaning it is possible to have each "type" of ticket open in it's own category for easier organization.

### Form
Assign a form to the panel.

- _Learn more about Forms [here](../features/forms.md)._

### Naming Scheme
This toggle can be used to change the naming scheme of the ticket channels. If it's left on green, it will use the naming scheme set in the `Settings` portion of the Dashboard. If it's flipped to grey, a custom scheme can be setup.

- Placeholders can be used in the custom naming scheme. View a list of placeholders [here](../miscellaneous/placeholders.md#custom-naming-scheme-placeholders).

### Exit Survey Form
<!--- Need to add --->
Users can be requested to leave feedback when their ticket is closed.

- _Learn more about Exit Surveys [here](../dashboard/settings/exit-survey.md)._

> **Note:** This is a premium feature. Learn more about premium [here](https://tickets.bot/premium).

### Awaiting Response Category 
Tickets awaiting a user's response can be moved to a different category.

- _Learn more about Awaiting Response Category [here](../dashboard/settings/awaiting-response.md)._

> **Note:** This is a premium feature. Learn more about premium [here](https://tickets.bot/premium).

## Panel Message
***

### Panel Title
The panel title is the bold text at the _top_ of the embed.

> **Note:** The panel title has a maximum length of 255 characters, and by default, it is set to `Open a ticket!`.

### Panel Content
The panel content is the text in the long description of the embed. We recommend providing a general overview of how your support system works, such as which languages the support agents are fluent in.

> **Note:** The panel content has a maximum length of 1024 characters.

### Panel Colour
This is the colour on the left side of the embed. When clicked, a colour picker will open as shown below:

![Colour picker](../img/colour_picker.webp)

### Panel Channel
This is the channel that the ticket panel will be sent in for users to react to. Therefore, this channel should be accessible to all members, and be the only message in the channel to avoid confusion.

> **Note:** This should **NOT** be the same as your transcript channel.

### Disable Panel
Enable this checkbox to disable users from opening tickets from this panel.

### Button Colour
Choose the colour of the button.

### Button Text
Enter the text that the button will contain.

### Button Emoji
This is the emoji that users will click in order to open a ticket. The emoji can either be pasted directly into the box, for example: `📩`, or the Discord name can be used, for example: `envelope_with_arrow` (colons are optional.)

Custom emojis from your server can be used by clicking the toggle to show green instead of grey. When toggled on, the input field will show you a list of your available emojis to choose from.

### Large Image URL
Input a URL link to an image here, it will display **underneath the welcome message**.

<!--- Need to update filetypes --->
- _File path MUST end in .png - easy trick is to send the image as a message in a discord channel, then right click the message and choose "Copy Link." Paste link into the input._

### Small Image URL
Input a URL link to an image here, it will display to the **right of the welcome message**.

<!--- Need to update filetypes --->
- _File path MUST end in .png - easy trick is to send the image as a message in a discord channel, then right click the message and choose "Copy Link." Paste link into the input._


## Welcome Message
***

The server's welcome message can be overridden on a per-panel basis using this field. If left blank, the welcome message from the main settings page will be used.

> **Note:** the message has a maximum limit of 4096 characters due to Discord limitations.

- Placeholders can be used in the welcome message. View a list of placeholders [here](../miscellaneous/placeholders.md).

- Discord message formatting can also be used to include links to channels, emojis, roles, or usernames in the welcome message.
  - **First**, discord developer mode must be turned on - in your personal discord account settings > advanced > discord developer mode.
  - **Second**, right click any channel name, username, message, etc and choose `Copy ID`.
  - **Third**, use the `structure` section of [discord's messge formatting chart](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#message-formatting) to include it in the welcome message.

## Access Control
***

You can now specify a list of roles that can / can't open a ticket with each panel. The access control list is evaluated from top-to-bottom, stopping after the first match.

In the image below only users with the `Whitelabel`, `Patrons`, or `Nitro Booster` roles can open tickets, but not if they have the `Muted` role.

![Access control](../img/access_control.webp)


## Completion
***

Once the ticket panel has been configured, click `Create` and the panel will be created in the server. A success message should be shown in the bottom right hand corner of the screen if successful, or an appropriate error message if there was a mistake:

![Success](../img/panel_success.webp)

- If any fields are left blank, the default values will be used.


## Editing
***

Ticket panels can be edited at a later date. Simply click the `Edit` button in the list of panels and the editing modal will be opened:
![Panel edit](../img/panel_edit.webp)

A panel can also be deleted by clicking the `Delete` button, or deleting the message containing the panel in Discord. If only the message in Discord is deleted, the panel will continue to exist on the Web Dashboard and can be resubmitted to Discord if needed, by clicking the `Resend` button.

Commit message:

update docs for support hours & cooldowns (#29)
Signed-off-by: Ben <ben@tickets.bot>

src/dashboard/reaction-panels.md, after:

# Panels
***
## Basic Video Walkthrough
<video src="../vid/ReactionPanels.mp4" controls poster="../img/video_thumbnails/Thumbnail_Reaction_Panels.webp"></video>

# Creating A Panel
In order to create a ticket panel, head over to the web dashboard and select your server. If unfamiliar with how to do that, read our [guide on the web dashboard here](../setup/dashboard.md).

Once on your server's main settings page, select `Ticket Panels` in the navigation bar to be taken to the ticket panel configuration page which looks as follows:

![Ticket panel page](../img/panels_navbar.webp)

Focus on the _left_ side of the screen. The right side are settings for combining different panels into a single message.

Draw your attention to the `New Panel` card. Configure the panel's appearance here:

![Panel card](../img/panel_card.webp)


## Ticket Properties
***


### Mention On Open
Specify a list of roles/users to mention after the ticket is opened.

> **Note:** This will not work for those who have their notification settings on mute.

### Support Teams
Input which `Staff Teams` will handle tickets created from this reaction panel.

### Ticket Category
Designates the channel category that the ticket channel will be created under. If unsure of what a channel category is, Discord has a guide explaining them available [here](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001580171-Channel-Categories-101).

Ticket panels use different channel categories to the one configured on the main settings tab to allow for distinction when using multiple reaction panels - meaning it is possible to have each "type" of ticket open in it's own category for easier organization.

### Form
Assign a form to the panel.

- _Learn more about Forms [here](../features/forms.md)._

### Naming Scheme
This toggle can be used to change the naming scheme of the ticket channels. If it's left on green, it will use the naming scheme set in the `Settings` portion of the Dashboard. If it's flipped to grey, a custom scheme can be setup.

- Placeholders can be used in the custom naming scheme. View a list of placeholders [here](../miscellaneous/placeholders.md#custom-naming-scheme-placeholders).

### Exit Survey Form
<!--- Need to add --->
Users can be requested to leave feedback when their ticket is closed.

- _Learn more about Exit Surveys [here](../dashboard/settings/exit-survey.md)._

> **Note:** This is a premium feature. Learn more about premium [here](https://tickets.bot/premium).

### Awaiting Response Category
Tickets awaiting a user's response can be moved to a different category.

- _Learn more about Awaiting Response Category [here](../dashboard/settings/awaiting-response.md)._

> **Note:** This is a premium feature. Learn more about premium [here](https://tickets.bot/premium).

### Cooldown
Set a per-user cooldown (in seconds) to prevent users from opening multiple tickets on the same panel in quick succession. When a user opens a ticket, they must wait for the cooldown period to elapse before they can open another ticket on this panel.

- A value of `0` disables the cooldown (default).
- Staff members (Support role and above) are exempt from cooldowns.
- Cooldowns are tracked per user, per panel — different panels can have different cooldown durations.
- Admins can reset all active cooldowns for a panel from the dashboard using the `Reset Cooldowns` button.

### Support Hours
Configure time-based restrictions on when tickets can be opened from this panel. Support hours are configured per day of the week with a start and end time in a timezone of your choice.

- _Learn more about Support Hours [here](../features/support-hours.md)._

> **Note:** Free servers can configure support hours on 1 panel. Premium servers have no limit. Learn more about premium [here](https://tickets.bot/premium).

## Panel Message
***

### Panel Title
The panel title is the bold text at the _top_ of the embed.

> **Note:** The panel title has a maximum length of 255 characters, and by default, it is set to `Open a ticket!`.

### Panel Content
The panel content is the text in the long description of the embed. We recommend providing a general overview of how your support system works, such as which languages the support agents are fluent in.

> **Note:** The panel content has a maximum length of 1024 characters.

### Panel Colour
This is the colour on the left side of the embed. When clicked, a colour picker will open as shown below:

![Colour picker](../img/colour_picker.webp)

### Panel Channel
This is the channel that the ticket panel will be sent in for users to react to. Therefore, this channel should be accessible to all members, and be the only message in the channel to avoid confusion.

> **Note:** This should **NOT** be the same as your transcript channel.

### Disable Panel
Enable this checkbox to disable users from opening tickets from this panel.

### Button Colour
Choose the colour of the button.

### Button Text
Enter the text that the button will contain.

### Button Emoji
This is the emoji that users will click in order to open a ticket. The emoji can either be pasted directly into the box, for example: `📩`, or the Discord name can be used, for example: `envelope_with_arrow` (colons are optional.)

Custom emojis from your server can be used by clicking the toggle to show green instead of grey. When toggled on, the input field will show you a list of your available emojis to choose from.

### Large Image URL
Input a URL link to an image here, it will display **underneath the welcome message**.

<!--- Need to update filetypes --->
- _File path MUST end in .png - easy trick is to send the image as a message in a discord channel, then right click the message and choose "Copy Link." Paste link into the input._

### Small Image URL
Input a URL link to an image here, it will display to the **right of the welcome message**.

<!--- Need to update filetypes --->
- _File path MUST end in .png - easy trick is to send the image as a message in a discord channel, then right click the message and choose "Copy Link." Paste link into the input._


## Welcome Message
***

The server's welcome message can be overridden on a per-panel basis using this field. If left blank, the welcome message from the main settings page will be used.

> **Note:** the message has a maximum limit of 4096 characters due to Discord limitations.

- Placeholders can be used in the welcome message. View a list of placeholders [here](../miscellaneous/placeholders.md).

- Discord message formatting can also be used to include links to channels, emojis, roles, or usernames in the welcome message.
  - **First**, discord developer mode must be turned on - in your personal discord account settings > advanced > discord developer mode.
  - **Second**, right click any channel name, username, message, etc and choose `Copy ID`.
  - **Third**, use the `structure` section of [discord's messge formatting chart](https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#message-formatting) to include it in the welcome message.

## Access Control
***

You can now specify a list of roles that can / can't open a ticket with each panel. The access control list is evaluated from top-to-bottom, stopping after the first match.

In the image below only users with the `Whitelabel`, `Patrons`, or `Nitro Booster` roles can open tickets, but not if they have the `Muted` role.

![Access control](../img/access_control.webp)


## Completion
***

Once the ticket panel has been configured, click `Create` and the panel will be created in the server. A success message should be shown in the bottom right hand corner of the screen if successful, or an appropriate error message if there was a mistake:

![Success](../img/panel_success.webp)

- If any fields are left blank, the default values will be used.


## Editing
***

Ticket panels can be edited at a later date. Simply click the `Edit` button in the list of panels and the editing modal will be opened:
![Panel edit](../img/panel_edit.webp)

A panel can also be deleted by clicking the `Delete` button, or deleting the message containing the panel in Discord. If only the message in Discord is deleted, the panel will continue to exist on the Web Dashboard and can be resubmitted to Discord if needed, by clicking the `Resend` button.
