src/commands/commands.md, before:

# Command List
***

| General Commands | Description |  
| -- | -- |  
| /about | Information about the bot |
| /help | Displays a list of commands |
| /invite | Provides an invite link for the bot |
| /vote | Gives a link to vote for free premium beneftis &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|

| Ticket Commands | Description |
| -- | -- |  
| /add (user) | Add a user to an existing ticket |
| /claim | Assigns a single staff member to the current ticket |
| /close (reason) | Closes the current ticket |
| [/closerequest](../features/close-requests.md) (close_delay) (reason) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Sends a message asking the ticket opener to approve or deny closing of the ticket |
| /jumptotop | Displays a button to click and will automatically scroll to the top of the ticket |
| /on-call | Toggles whether the user of command will be added and pinged to all new thread mode tickets |
| /open (subject) | Opens a new ticket |
| /remove (user) | Removes a user from the current ticket |
| /rename (new_ticket_name) | Renames the current ticket |
| /reopen (ticket ID) | reopens a thread ticket that was previously closed |
| /switchpanel (to_panel) | Switches the current ticket to another ticket panel - changing the channel category, support teams, etc |
| /transfer (user) | Transfers a claimed ticket to another user |
| /unclaim | Removes the claim on the current ticket |
| /notes | Creates a private thread for staff to talk in, only works in channel mode |

| Setting Commands | Description |
| -- | -- |  
| [/addadmin](./add-admin-support.md) (user_or_role) | Grants a user or role admin priveledges of the bot |
| [/addsupport](./add-admin-support.md) (user_or_role) | Adds a user or role as a support representative |
| /autoclose configure | Edit autoclose related settings |
| /autoclose exclude | Excludes the current ticket from being automatically closed |
| /blacklist (user_or_role) | Toggles whether users are allowed to interact with the bot |
| /language (language) | Changes the language the bot messages are displayed in |
| /panel | Provides a link to create a reaction panel for users to open tickets |
| /premium | Activates premium benefits after purchasing (choose patreon on select menu) |
| /removeadmin (user_or_role) | Revokes a user's or role's admin priveledges |
| /removesupport (user_or_role) | Revokes a user's or role's support representative priviledges |
| /setup auto | Bot will make a very basic configuration (no reaction panels - you'll still want to customize on dashboard) |
| /setup limit | Change the quantity of tickets a single user can have open at the same time |
| /setup transcripts | Change the transcripts channel |
| /setup use-threads | Toggle if the bot creates new threads or new channels |
| /viewstaff | Lists the staff members and roles (admin or support) |

| Tag Commands | Description |
| -- | -- |  
| /managetags add | Adds a new tag |
| /managetags delete &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;| Deletes a tag |
| /managetags list | Lists all existing tags |
| /tag (tag_id) | Sends a message snippet&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |

| Statistics Commands &nbsp;| Description |
| -- | -- |  
| /stats user | Displays statistics about the selected user &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| /stats server | Displays statistics about the server |

Commit message:

Add GDPR data request command documentation (#17)
* Add GDPR data request command documentation

Introduces detailed documentation for the new /gdpr command, allowing users to request deletion or anonymization of their data under GDPR. Updates SUMMARY.md and commands.md to reference the new command, and adds supporting images for the GDPR request flow.

* Remove note on message deletion processing limits

Deleted the line stating that message deletion requests process up to thousands of messages from the GDPR command documentation. This clarifies the processing limits section and removes potentially misleading information.

* DMs only

* Revise GDPR command documentation for clarity

Improves wording and structure for GDPR transcript and message anonymization options. Adds details about multi-server selection, ticket ID formats, system availability, and clarifies differences between transcript deletion and message anonymization. Updates FAQ and warnings for accuracy and user guidance.

src/commands/commands.md, after:

# Command List
***

| General Commands | Description |
| -- | -- |
| /about | Information about the bot |
| [/gdpr](./gdpr.md) (lang) | Request deletion or anonymization of your data under GDPR |
| /help | Displays a list of commands |
| /invite | Provides an invite link for the bot |
| /vote | Gives a link to vote for free premium beneftis &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;|

| Ticket Commands | Description |
| -- | -- |  
| /add (user) | Add a user to an existing ticket |
| /claim | Assigns a single staff member to the current ticket |
| /close (reason) | Closes the current ticket |
| [/closerequest](../features/close-requests.md) (close_delay) (reason) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Sends a message asking the ticket opener to approve or deny closing of the ticket |
| /jumptotop | Displays a button to click and will automatically scroll to the top of the ticket |
| /on-call | Toggles whether the user of command will be added and pinged to all new thread mode tickets |
| /open (subject) | Opens a new ticket |
| /remove (user) | Removes a user from the current ticket |
| /rename (new_ticket_name) | Renames the current ticket |
| /reopen (ticket ID) | reopens a thread ticket that was previously closed |
| /switchpanel (to_panel) | Switches the current ticket to another ticket panel - changing the channel category, support teams, etc |
| /transfer (user) | Transfers a claimed ticket to another user |
| /unclaim | Removes the claim on the current ticket |
| /notes | Creates a private thread for staff to talk in, only works in channel mode |

| Setting Commands | Description |
| -- | -- |  
| [/addadmin](./add-admin-support.md) (user_or_role) | Grants a user or role admin priveledges of the bot |
| [/addsupport](./add-admin-support.md) (user_or_role) | Adds a user or role as a support representative |
| /autoclose configure | Edit autoclose related settings |
| /autoclose exclude | Excludes the current ticket from being automatically closed |
| /blacklist (user_or_role) | Toggles whether users are allowed to interact with the bot |
| /language (language) | Changes the language the bot messages are displayed in |
| /panel | Provides a link to create a reaction panel for users to open tickets |
| /premium | Activates premium benefits after purchasing (choose patreon on select menu) |
| /removeadmin (user_or_role) | Revokes a user's or role's admin priveledges |
| /removesupport (user_or_role) | Revokes a user's or role's support representative priviledges |
| /setup auto | Bot will make a very basic configuration (no reaction panels - you'll still want to customize on dashboard) |
| /setup limit | Change the quantity of tickets a single user can have open at the same time |
| /setup transcripts | Change the transcripts channel |
| /setup use-threads | Toggle if the bot creates new threads or new channels |
| /viewstaff | Lists the staff members and roles (admin or support) |

| Tag Commands | Description |
| -- | -- |  
| /managetags add | Adds a new tag |
| /managetags delete &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;| Deletes a tag |
| /managetags list | Lists all existing tags |
| /tag (tag_id) | Sends a message snippet&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |

| Statistics Commands &nbsp;| Description |
| -- | -- |  
| /stats user | Displays statistics about the selected user &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |
| /stats server | Displays statistics about the server |
